

If you want a Chicken Biryani recipe with video and step-by-step photos, we've got you! Chicken Biryani is a simple and super flavourful one-pot meal that is best served with Raita and Salad. There is a reason why Chicken Biryani is the most ordered dish in India for the last few years! But why order it when you can make flavourful and delectable restaurant-style Indian Chicken Biryani recipe at home? Don't worry, if you are new to cooking or don't know how to make such complex dishes as this Biryani is the simplest recipe with which you can treat your loved ones. Cooking Biryani just sounds tough but is one of the easiest chicken dishes. By following the below given step-by-step Biryani recipe, anyone can whip up a scrumptious dish of Chicken Biryani. One of the best things about this easy Chicken Biryani recipe is that it has several layers that give this dish, different textures, flavours and colours. A plate of chicken Biryani is a perfect balance of good quality protein and carbs, and you will not require anything else with this dish. Though, it is an ultimate comfort food that's best enjoyed with some Salan or Raita on the side, but you really don't need anything else to finish this rice dish. This Chicken Biryani recipe is prepared using basmati rice, chicken thighs, hung curd, onion, tomato, milk, saffron and a melange of whole and ground spices. For preparing this amazing and mouth-watering Biryani recipe, chicken is marinated in yoghurt and a mix of spices and then cooked using the slow-cooking method. Chicken Biryani is one dish that can be enjoyed on several occasions, such as buffet, kitty party, potluck and even game night. Be it kids or adults, this Chicken Biryani will woo everyone with its succulent flavours and pleasing aroma. You can make Chicken Biryani at home to treat your loved ones on any occasion. To help you out, here are some easy steps that will guide you in preparing this amazing dish. Serve hot Chicken Biryani with salan, raita and onion rings on the side. Do try this recipe at home, rate it and don't forget to let us know how it turned out to be by leaving a comment in the section below. Happy Cooking!



If you are a chicken lover, then you need to try- Rosemary Chicken, Honey Chicken, Chicken Shawarma, Chicken Salad, Chicken Balls and Chicken Popcorn.

Read more
Ingredients of Chicken Biryani

5 Servings
1 cup boiled basmati rice
1/2 teaspoon mint leaves
salt as required
2 teaspoon virgin olive oil
3 green cardamom
2 clove
2 onion
1 teaspoon turmeric
1 tablespoon garlic paste
1 cup hung curd
2 tablespoon coriander leaves
water as required
1 tablespoon ghee
600 gm chicken
1 tablespoon garam masala powder
1 teaspoon saffron
1 tablespoon bay leaf
1 black cardamom
1 teaspoon cumin seeds
4 green chillies
1 tablespoon ginger paste
1 teaspoon red chilli powder
1/2 tablespoon ginger
2 drops kewra
1 tablespoon rose water

Step 1 Prepare saffron-kewra water and chop veggies
To make a delightful chicken biryani dish, firstly soak saffron in water to prepare saffron water (one tsp saffron can be soaked in 1/4 cup water). Next, mix kewra drops in water and mix well to make kewra water. Set them aside for later usage. Now, chop the onion and coriander leaves and keep them aside.

Step 2 Saute the onions
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a deep bottomed pan. Once the oil is hot enough, add cumin seeds, bay leaf, green cardamom, black cardamom, cloves in it, and saute for about a minute. Then, add chopped onion to it and saute until pink. Now, add chicken into it with slit green chillies, turmeric, salt to taste, ginger-garlic paste, red chilli powder and green chilli paste. Mix well all the spices and cook for 2-3 minutes. Then, add hung curd into it and give a mix. (Make sure the chicken is washed properly and patted dry before adding it to the dish)

Step 3 Cook biryani on low heat for 5-6 minutes
Turn the flame to medium again and add garam masala in it along with ginger julienned, coriander and mint leaves. Add kewra water, rose water and 1 tsp saffron water in it. Cook till the chicken is tender. Then add 1 cup cooked rice and spread evenly. Then add the remaining saffron water and pour ghee over it. You can now cook the dish without the lid or cover it with a lid to give a dum-effect due to the steam formation.

Step 4 Serve hot chicken biryani with your favourite chutney or raita
Cook for 15-20 minutes with a closed lid and garnish with 1 tbsp fried onions and coriander leaves. Serve hot chicken biryani with raita of your choice. Enjoy!
